Story Title: Beyond
Story Author: Jiawei Shen

1) As Spaceman Spiff the Interplanetary Explorer Extrodinaire you are bored in class on Earth being lectured by
your 3rd grade teacher about math. You start thinking up ideas of what you can do:

- Get in your Red flying saucer. - Go to 2
- Go explore the basement of the school which no one has gone in and came back out again. - Go to 3

2) You quickly run out of the classroom while the teacher was writing math problems onto the blackboard. Dashing
out into your trusty red flying saucer which has been parked in the playground of the school. As you put on your
seatbelt the onboard computer asks for your destination. You choose:

- Fly at warp to the planet of Torg to explore it. - Go to 4
- Travel to the rings of Saturn to investigate a recent disturbance in the System. - Go to 5

3) You sneak out of the classroom while the teacher was bending down to pick up a stick of chalk which she dropped.
You quickly snatch a flashlight from your locker and go down the stairs to the doors that leads to the school's
basment. The lights before the door flickered on and off. You hear an eerie scream come from behind the doors. You
decide to:

- Go back to class cause you were freaked out by the scream. - Go to 6
- Slowly creep towards the door, open it and slip inside. - Go to 7

4) Your spaceship quickly warps to the planet of Torg and floats near the planet. You look down and you see a
gasious brown planet spewing sulfur and seems to be devoid of life. You decide to:

- Fly around the planet to survey if there is anything dangerous down on Torg before going down to it. - Go to 8
- Fly down to the planet to explore it's surface. - Go to 9

5) While traveling to the rings of Saturn you get hit by Micro-meteorites. One punctures your canopy and you are
suddenly devoid of oxygen. You Die. The End

6) Back in the class you keep thinking about the scream you heard. The End.

7) You are inside the basement it was dark. Suddenly lights turn on and the school Janitor is standing infront of
you. You shiver in horror. He smirks and drags you back to class where the teacher punishes you by getting you to
sit in the corner. The End

8) You fly around the planet. Suddenly red lights starts to flash on your console. You look down and you see that
something was wrong with your engine. You forgot to bring your tools to fix the spaceship. You continue floating
until you die devoid of food and water. The End

9) While flying down to the planet you get hit by the acidic toxic gas. Your spaceship falls apart and you die.
The End.

