Story title: Roscharch
Story author: Alice
Story Id: 2

Fragment (1):
    text: "Who could it be?" Roscharch stands by the broken window. 16 floors down here, there still remains the blood
           of the person he admired, The Comedian. So many names come to him at once. He immediately picks all enemies'
           names, and draws the conclusion that this is some kind of revenge. However, he thinks to himself, "Who
           should I inform first?"
    Choice 1:
          Nite Owl. After all, he was Roscharch's best buddy in the 60s. (Go to 3)
    Choice 2:
          Dr. Manhattan. He should know everything. (Goto 2)

Fragment (2):
    text: There's surprisingly no alarms after Rorscharch breaks into the Special Talent Quaters office in Rockefeller 
          military research center. And Dr.Manhattan is also not surprised about Rorscharch's visit.
          "Good evening, Rorscharch.", said Dr. Manhattan. An experiemnt accident turned him into a "super man" years ago,
          who now is in charge of every atom in the universe. And the lady standing besides him is his "girlfriend" Laurie,
          whose mother was a former superhero from minutemen.
          However, conversition gets tense after Rorscharch tells everybody the death of Comedian, Blake Edward.
          "Anyway, it couldn't have happended to a nicer person. Blake was a bastard. He tried to rape my mother back when
          they were both minutemen.", said Laurie.
          "So you support the allegations made in Hollis Mason's new book concerning Blake?"
          "What Mason said 'Under the hood' is what happened. God knows I'm not my mother's biggest admirer, but some things
          shouldn't happen to anybody. Why do you think Blake never sued Mason."
          "I'm not here to sepculate o the moral lapses of men who died in their country's service. I came to warn..."
          "MORAL LAPSES??" shouted Laurie, "RAPE is MORAL LAPSE? you know he broke her ribs? You know he almost choked her?"
          Because of Lauri's rage, Dr. Manhattan teleports Rorscharch outside the milatry base.
    Choice 1:
          Go to Nite Owl. (Go to 3)
    Choice 2:
          Carry on investigation on the death of Comedian. (Go to 5)
